Nov workshop updates (#3)
wagtail/nextjs-loves-wagtail: README.md

Note the use of Wagtail's built-in `get_parent()` method to obtain the
URL of the blog this post is a part of.

> From <http://127.0.0.1:8000/blog/>, click "Add a child page" again, and this will automatically create a new blog page for you.

Reviewer: The page type will automatically be selected, but it won't automatically be _created_, so maybe we could change the wording a bit?

```suggestion
From <http://127.0.0.1:8000/blog/>, click "Add a child page" again, and this time the "Blog Page" type will automatically be selected.
```

Wagtail gives you full control over what kinds of content can be created under
various parent content types. By default, any page type can be a child of any

> other page type. We added some code to automatically create a child page that matches the parent page because it makes the user experience a little cleaner and keeps editors from selecting the wrong page type.

Reviewer: The phrase "a child page that matches the parent page" might be a bit ambiguous as it could mean that they're both of the same type.

```suggestion
other page type. We updated the models so that `BlogPage` is automatically selected when creating a page under a `BlogIndexPage`, and we disallowed the creation of a `BlogPage` under other page types. This makes the user experience more seamless and prevents editors from selecting the wrong page type.
```
